Barba Configuration File (**Legacy Version 6.4 or Older**). 
**Note: This document is just for version 6.4 or older.**

{{
[General](General)
ServerAddress=x.x.x.x
Enabled=
Mode=HTTP-Tunnel | UDP-Tunnel | TCP-Redirect | UDP-Redirect
Key=1234567890ABCDEF
TunnelPorts=9700,9800-9900,17000-17200
GrabProtocols=GRE:*,TCP:1723
RealPort=
MaxUserConnections=
FakeFileTypes=jpg,zip
FakeFileMaxSize=
FakePacketMinSize=
KeepAliveInterval=
RequestDataKeyName=
}}

## ServerAddress
**Required**.
It can be IP4 address or domain name such as vpn.server.com. It is recommended to use IP address instead domain name, so if domain name could not resolve at start time, you should restart Barbatunnel.
Server Mode: If set 0 then the server will listen to all associated network IP.
Format: x.x.x.x

## Enabled
**Optional**, Default is "1".
It can be "0" or "1". If "0" the item will be disabled.

## Mode
**Required**
Can be "HTTP-Tunnel" or "UDP-Tunnel" or "UDP-Redirect" or "TCP-Redirect".

## Key
**Optional**, Default is empty key and will stop the encryption.
Your simple shared encryption key in Hex . BarbaTunnel XOR all packet data with this key. A VPN has already performed encryption so strong encryption does not require.
* Make sure server use same key.

## TunnelPorts
**Required**
Range of tunnel ports. BarbaClient will choose one of these ports by random.
Format: TunnelPorts=StartPornt-EndPort,StartPornt-EndPort,,StartPornt-EndPort,...
If you like to use only one port just set one port such as: TunnelPorts=80
* Make sure BarbaServer accept these ports.
* Make sure your network firewall does not block this port.
* System Local Firewall such as Windows Firewall does not effect on BarbaTunnel, you don't need any change to them.

## GrabProtocols
**Required**, Valid for UDP-Tunnel and TCP-Tunnel. Ignored in server mode.
BarbaClient grab packets from these protocols and put them to tunnel.
Format: Protocol:Port
Sample1 for PPTP: GRE:*,TCP:1723
Sample2: {"UDP:150,TCP:500,ICMP:**,IGMP**,GGP**,PUP:**,IDP:**,ND:**"}

## RealPort
**Required**, Valid for UDP-Redirect and TCP-Redirect.
BarbaClient will redirect this port to a tunnel port.

## MaxUserConnections
**Optional**, default is 5. Valid for HTTP-Tunnel.
Maximum TCP connection per user for each HTTP-Tunnel.

## FakeFileTypes
**Optional**, default is empty and will not send fake header file. Valid for HTTP-Tunnel.
List of Header file that should be send to simulate HTTP connection POST and GET. a type will be selected by random.
Header files should be exists in Templates folder with header extension. eg: jpg.header
Format: ext,ext,ext

## FakeFileMaxSize
**Optional**, default is 15000 (15MB). Valid for HTTP-Tunnel. Ignored in server mode.
Maximum size of fake file in kilobyte that going to GET or POST. a range between FakeFileMaxSize/2 and FakeFileMaxSize will be selected by random for each HTTP connection.

## FakePacketMinSize
**Optional**, default is 0. Valid for HTTP-Tunnel. Ignored in server mode.
Indicate the minimum size in byte of each packet that going to send or receive. Barbatunnel add extra padding bytes to make packets look bigger.
_Note_: When used it will decrease the bandwidth.

## KeepAliveInterval
**Optional**, default is 60. Valid for HTTP-Tunnel. Ignored in server mode.
Time in second for custom keep alive mechanism that makes sure all HTTP connections is valid and up. 
Set 0 to disable it.

## RequestDataKeyName
**Optional**, the default will be generated by key. Valid for HTTP-Tunnel.
Shared Key name for BarbaTunnel data in HTTP request.

# Remarks
* You should put this file in a folder in BarbaTunnel Config folder. It is recommended to create a folder with your server domain name or IP address in BarbaTunnel config folder, then put this file in it. Such as: barbatunnel\config\yourserver.com\HTTP-Retunnel.ini